docs: Updating contribution guides (#7763)
appsmithorg/appsmith: CONTRIBUTING.md

File your feature request through GitHub Issues using the [Feature Request](https://github.com/appsmithorg/appsmith/issues/new?assignees=Nikhil-Nandagopal&labels=&template=----feature-request.md&title=%5BFeature%5D) template.

#### 📝 Improve the documentation

> In the process of shipping features quickly, we often forget to keep our docs up to date. You can help by suggesting improvements to our documentation or dive right in to our [Docs Contribution Guide](contributions/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the process of shipping features quickly, we may forget to keep our docs up to date. You can help by suggesting improvements to our documentation or dive right into our [Docs Contribution Guide](contributions/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)!
```
